this video is all the valta skill fear
all liabilities on them welcome back to
in the field here I am joined with
desync it's French why is it called
desync my name means my real name Jordan
Jane Sinclair desync right that makes a
lot of sense the channel is really
focused on half-life 2 and well and
half-life 1 so it seems only fitting
that we finally give an answer to the
question is half-life 3 coming out and
find some evidence for it and if we
can't find any evidence this just makes
him up that works for me been doing you
know what going through the years that
seeing all the fake images and seeing
what everyone else is doing wrong I've
got some experience I guess make a claim
I think oh yeah okay alright this would
be this would be really interested but
first let's just confirm that half life
3 is or is not coming out let's do that
alright so half-life 1 came out in 1998
and then half-life 2 came out in 2004
and then it took them three years to
essentially come out with the DLC right
and then they lift it with this
cliffhanger
and then nothing happened well nothing
came out so people said well hey you
know hey women hey billion billions
earth went the next month and nothing
was said in response and so if they
started trying to find leaks and
Confirmation and that eventually spawned
into a big meme which was half-life 3
confirmed so most of the lease that
people were talking about originally
came from a 4chan or trans a bit of a
scary web site so they've made this
other site to coagulate the results into
a safe space called reddit so if you go
to the half-life stop reddit you'll find
all the leaks that have accumulated over
the years I think half-life 3 confirmed
here we go
it looks like there's tons of evidence
for the car factory here some of them
you'll find some actual interesting
stuff so this one people assumed that
this was made by JJ Abrams in the new
half-life film that he's supposedly
working on with Kate Neel okay is that
is the film confirmed it's all bad
confirmed because it's confirmed that
they were looking into it but it's not
confirmed that they're still working on
it or all any shape form you know of so
there's a couple of things that give it
away that it's just a test scene because
it's too way too much of depth of field
the design of the hunter as well it's
all pretty good but it's just a few
little things that tell me it's not real
what I see when I look at this picture
is very tracing noise on the legs also
the grass looks fake is fun but all I
know is that game films never follow the
source of this closely so it's totally
unbelievable from the get-go to
development groups were involved the
project one marked half-life 3 was fully
6 staff members another one marked
half-life 3 cool with 10 yes I remember
this so what was the story behind them I
was basically the the whole this is the
biggest leak that ever happened I think
because it's it's the most it wasn't
even the biggest it was just the most
legitimate because it became straight
from the source so some people went into
valve headquarters and got a tour and
they just took it worked at the camera
took a picture with this guy's screen
and he had the workers list open up on
his monitor and it clearly showed you
know group op life 3 and showed all the
developers that were working on the
half-life 3 that pretty much just
confirmed that they were working on it
do you think that that half-life through
your liver come out you know what I
think it's less likely that it won't
come out and it will that's all I'll say
so we just never said that
Dermot leaks and that there are a lot of
fake leaks so I think it's time to move
on to the next phase which is create
some leaks alright so have you got any
ideas of how to do that so the things
you've got to avoid with leaks Lurie
photographic evidence and like directly
looking at something with I use a detail
in it because each case somebody's gonna
say why didn't you just take a more
strain on picture of the screen or
they'll be able to see the model in
complete detail and say I know where
that models trauma at this is fake now
when I see on Twitter like a screenshot
of something I often know believe it
unless it's a screenshot of something
like on the television so if we could
make something and then have it
displayed on it like a different monitor
and then have that monitor appear in
what looks like an office right yeah and
then take a photo of that this one's
pretty good so we have to do is take
this it's a senseless waste at night and
it had a time stamp on it this is just
the beginning is the shop let me take a
quick photo of something that'll work
okay this is gonna get picked up hot so
King cross so what's here in this scene
what I see is like a Friday evening I
put the wrong date on it why would it be
a Sunday well it could be there what
meeting maybe that makes sense why
there's pizza boxes okay so it's Sunday
what would be the image on the screen
you would think could actually be like
some sort of beta test yeah so we need
something that looks more like gameplay
itself I think if you get like a
real-world picture that looks like a
nice like half-life and then you put the
model the asset in the photo if you can
find an icebreaker ship or even a
picture of the borealis okay so if we
said something like resume save game
load game so something like that
I think half-life 3 is just too much of
a it's got to be like half-life
something you know a copy half life 3
after all these years half-life 3 is it
obvious you know mmm pretty borealis
that was quickly well doesn't need text
maybe it doesn't need the text maybe
yeah let's we could travel that one
that'll still be blurry and then dark
how
we make this more borealis light well we
can give her these guys fast that is the
worst half life 3 week I have seen in my
entire life you know what it's so [__]
that it might work like why don't you
just put it on see what it looks like
hey didn't you say that man really
hardened rule number one don't lie
listen eat this ship needs more and
needs to say like the borealis I mean
that's good enough to be honest
hey it doesn't look so bad okay that
looks sorry thank you take it all back
oh that's actually dude that's decent
yes I think okay the borealis that's
definitely too dark the borealis ship
itself needs to be way like glowy oh
that looks sexy realistic now see that
blue edge that tinge it's got around
them dude that looks perfect
yeah that's pretty spot-on alright so it
looks pretty good I hope you got a VPN I
do oh yeah good point
no one VPN let's go to us okay
now what are we saying well you could
say you could put the titleist who the
kids pizza for breakfast what'd you just
say Valdez piece of a breakfast will
stop okay I reckon actually you should
put this already at first now he's go to
was it valve and then what are we gonna
say yeah we'll just do it or develop
yeah due to value and then in the
comments just put half way through my to
a different brackets again yeah right
that gives it like it's a tells you more
but not enough yeah and then and then
post to have an input in the comments
like this describe what this guy is
thinking about all the pizza boxes oh my
god if you go to the valve summer it is
right at the top yeah I can just put a
comment just be like say like I left the
cap I counted over be more than 50
yeah I'm done that's good yeah I know
this it looks so fake gimme gimme get
all right we'll have to wait let's go -
lets go - BEC full champ friend have got
another tour of bell de box for empty oh
my god yeah - comments oh I don't know
if you should reply to him no I would
I'm just gonna say nothing I'm just
gonna leave it is exciting she takes off
of me sir they all focused on the pizza
boxes
- the escapes - me but poor yella
someone found infinite fish
I'll tell you what the goal is is to get
on the Velva news network yeah this one
let's see his his reaction to it he's
gonna be so I can skeptical yeah yeah I
think you should say the message with
the pitch up I think you put something
personal pick him off with the ear real
fan so put like I got this because you
told me you loved me cuz he said that
the end of his love his videos
and now you wait Oh 300 for that ones go
for okay people are looking at it oh
hello good there we go I swear to God
okay well let's leave this cuz you know
let's say best-case scenario it's
somehow had to be debunked by this guy
we'd want that to come out later so we
don't want a really loud Gideon patient
and with that we left it for a day or
two to to marinate I see gaben gave you
a tour is that the borealis ship hmm it
is red and says borealis but you can
never be sure these days wait what the
[__] is this remote probably not maybe
that looks like their new office that's
not our new office thanks for the info I
call BS not the same blinds in new
office new blinds are pull-downs yours
are shitty old gen blinds BS hmm where
did you find the pic shitty bait nice
graphics [__] I feel dumb now half-life
3 confirmed you have been banned from
participating in our vows
add time hey guys let's get real for a
moment we all know I'm a talentless hack
but thanks for Skillshare I'm slowly
becoming a hack who knows how to use
editing software and I know what you're
thinking no no I ain't you're too hard
on yourself you're extremely handsome
and that is true but I can't get by on
my looks alone I need some skills they
have classes and everything Photoshop
selling out how to make love After
Effects all of which I'm trying to learn
right now it's all neatly organized and
they give you the project file so you
can work alongside the teacher all right
well don't ever hype to think use the
promo code incognito for two three
months for the first 500 people designer